# Static 
Creating Static was my first attempt at making a game in Unity for a final project in my game mechanics course. While it began as a group project, it quickly became a solo project as my focus branched out from being specifically towards the enemy AI to also include the terrain, story items, character interaction with the environment, menu systems, and all audio queues and impact (a bit of the inventory system and enemy modeling was done by others). While the game itself does feature many bugs and a relatively confusing objects for a first time player, I still believe it was a good first attempt as it was done in roughly a month for my first Unity experience.
 
Static was drawn up to be a single player horror game with a strong focus on the audio within the world. The concept was to create enemy AI that would focus their interaction with audio queues from the player with short sight and generate most horror elements through the use of sound rather than visuals. The more noise the player would generate near an enemy, the more alert the enemy would become. Creating noise from footsteps, item pick ups, and the use of hiding locations throughout the map. As for the player's experience, the world could generate audio for them through triggered sound queues, their own personal sounds, and the static generated from the enemies as they wander the map. 

The story of Static was kept to a very simple idea, the player has lost their daughter at their cabin in the woods and must find her. The player is quickly thrown under siege by their attackers as they must collect all the info pages (highlighted throughout the map but the glowing model of their daughter) to unlock the cabin. Once the player is in the cabin they can collect the key to the warehouse in the forest for the endgame state. While it is a very minimal concept for a story, it is a driving force that is the reason the player must continue throughout the entire map and visit each location. From the start of the game the player is given a flashlight with batteries scattered throughout the map and at each location to consume. 

## Link to Playable Demo (Windows and Mac) and Demo Video
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/11JOi6t6ZCWU4Ar5IydxpaoF6AP7SWr53?usp=sharing

## Link to Public GitLab Repository
Due to repository size limits, the current repository is located at https://git.cs.usask.ca/kjc887/cmpt306-game-project.git 
